Personal Transcript
Student
Name: Chen Peng
StudentID: 2020213042
Password: chenpeng0000
Mail: chenpeng@university.edu
Gender: Male
Age: 18

Course
courseID: ECE1001
CourseName: Internet of Things
courseTeacher: Yilong Hao
courseTerm:21
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course covers the basics of the Internet of Things (IoT), including communication protocols, sensor networks, and IoT applications.

Course
courseID: CS1101
CourseName: Operating Systems
courseTeacher: Yuchong Hu
courseTerm:22
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers the fundamentals of operating systems, including process management, memory management, file systems, and device management.

Course
courseID: MATH701
CourseName: Numerical Analysis
courseTeacher: Wenbin Liu
courseTerm:23
courseCredit:4
courseScore:85
courseDescribe: This course covers the fundamental numerical methods for solving mathematical problems, including interpolation, integration, and differential equations.

Course
courseID: ECE1101
CourseName: Wireless Sensor Networks
courseTeacher: Jing Wang
courseTerm:24
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course provides an in-depth understanding of wireless sensor networks, including sensor nodes, communication protocols, and energy-efficient routing.

Course
courseID: CS1201
CourseName: Computer Graphics
courseTeacher: Xiaohua Huang
courseTerm:25
courseCredit:3
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course covers the basic concepts and techniques of computer graphics, including 2D and 3D graphics, rendering, and animation.

Course
courseID: ECE1201
CourseName: Digital Image Processing
courseTeacher: Qionghai Dai
courseTerm:26
courseCredit:4
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course provides an introduction to digital image processing, including image representation, filtering, segmentation, and feature extraction.

Course
courseID: CS1301
CourseName: Database Systems
courseTeacher: Junzhou Zhao
courseTerm:27
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and techniques of database systems, including relational databases, SQL, and data modeling.

Course
courseID: MATH801
CourseName: Optimization
courseTeacher: Zengxin Wei
courseTerm:28
courseCredit:4
courseScore:86
courseDescribe: This course covers the theory and methods of optimization, including linear programming, convex optimization, and nonlinear optimization.

Course
courseID: ECE1301
CourseName: Digital Communications
courseTeacher: Chenxi Zhu
courseTerm:29
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course provides an overview of digital communication systems, including modulation, channel coding, and signal processing.

Course
courseID: CS1401
CourseName: Software Engineering
courseTeacher: Xiangyu Zhang
courseTerm:30
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and practices of software engineering, including requirements analysis, design, testing, and project management.

Course
courseID: ECE1401
CourseName: Power Electronics
courseTeacher: Jianhui Wu
courseTerm:31
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the design and analysis of power electronic systems, including power converters, motor drives, and renewable energy systems.

Course
courseID: CS1501
CourseName: Machine Learning
courseTeacher: Wei Liu
courseTerm:32
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course covers the theory and methods of machine learning, including supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and deep learning.

Course
courseID: MATH901
CourseName: Real Analysis
courseTeacher: Junfeng Li
courseTerm:33
courseCredit:4
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers the foundations of real analysis, including topology, continuity, differentiation, and integration.

Course
courseID: ECE1501
CourseName: Control Systems
courseTeacher: Zhenhua Xie
courseTerm:34
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and methods of control systems, including modeling, analysis, and design of feedback control systems.

Course
courseID: CS1601
CourseName: Computer Networks
courseTeacher: Wei Li
courseTerm:35
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and protocols of computer networks, including the OSI model, TCP/IP, routing, and congestion control.

Course
courseID: ECE1601
CourseName: VLSI Design
courseTeacher: Shaojun Wei
courseTerm:36
courseCredit:4
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers the design and implementation of digital and analog circuits using VLSI technology, including logic gates, memory circuits, and analog-to-digital converters.

Course
courseID: CS1701
CourseName: Operating Systems
courseTeacher: Yixuan Li
courseTerm:37
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and techniques of operating systems, including process management, memory management, file systems, and concurrency.

Course
courseID: MATH1001
CourseName: Algebra
courseTeacher: Xiaojun Chen
courseTerm:38
courseCredit:4
courseScore:86
courseDescribe: This course covers the fundamental concepts of algebra, including groups, rings, fields, and linear algebra.

Course
courseID: ECE1701
CourseName: Microwave Engineering
courseTeacher: Hui Wu
courseTerm:39
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and design of microwave circuits and systems, including waveguides, resonators, filters, and amplifiers.

Course
courseID: CS1801
CourseName: Computer Graphics
courseTeacher: Zhigang Deng
courseTerm:40
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers the theory and techniques of computer graphics, including raster graphics, vector graphics, and 3D modeling.

Course
courseID: ECE1801
CourseName: Communications Systems
courseTeacher: Wei Wang
courseTerm:41
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and techniques of communication systems, including modulation, demodulation, coding, and channel estimation.

Course
courseID: CS1901
CourseName: Artificial Intelligence
courseTeacher: Jingjing Wang
courseTerm:42
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and applications of artificial intelligence, including knowledge representation, reasoning, planning, and natural language processing.

Course
courseID: MATH1101
CourseName: Probability and Statistics
courseTeacher: Yang Liu
courseTerm:43
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course covers the basics of probability and statistics, including random variables, probability distributions, hypothesis testing, and regression analysis.

Course
courseID: ECE1901
CourseName: Digital Signal Processing II
courseTeacher: Yan Zhang
courseTerm:44
courseCredit:4
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course covers advanced topics in digital signal processing, including digital filter design, spectral analysis, and signal processing applications.

Course
courseID: CS2001
CourseName: Database Systems
courseTeacher: Chengkai Li
courseTerm:45
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles and techniques of database systems, including data modeling, database design, query optimization, and transaction management.