Personal Transcript
Student
Name: Wang Mei
StudentID: 2020213010
Password: wangmei5678
Mail: wangmei@university.edu
Gender: Female
Age: 19

Course
courseID: HIST330
CourseName: World War II
courseTeacher: Dr. John Smith
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course examines the causes, events, and consequences of World War II, with a focus on the major powers involved, their strategies and tactics, and the impact of the war on global politics, society, and culture.

Course
courseID: MUSC110
CourseName: Music Theory and Practice
courseTeacher: Prof. Anna Lee
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course introduces the fundamentals of music theory, including notation, scales, chords, and harmony, as well as their practical applications in musical composition, analysis, and performance.

Course
courseID: ECON301
CourseName: Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Dr. James Kim
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course studies the behavior of individual consumers and firms in a market economy, analyzing the determination of prices, quantities, and market outcomes under different market structures and government policies.

Course
courseID: PHIL201
CourseName: Introduction to Ethics
courseTeacher: Prof. David Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course explores the major ethical theories and their applications to contemporary moral issues, such as abortion, euthanasia, capital punishment, environmental ethics, and global justice.

Course
courseID: ENGL401
CourseName: Advanced Writing
courseTeacher: Prof. Susan Kim
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:3
courseScore:93
courseDescribe: This course develops advanced writing skills in a variety of genres, such as academic essays, research papers, creative writing, and professional communication, focusing on style, structure, organization, and rhetorical strategies.

Course
courseID: PSYC210
CourseName: Developmental Psychology
courseTeacher: Dr. Sarah Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course examines the biological, cognitive, and socioemotional changes that occur throughout the lifespan, from infancy to old age, and the factors that influence individual differences in development.

Course
courseID: SOC325
CourseName: Sociology of Gender
courseTeacher: Prof. Linda Chen
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course investigates the social construction of gender, the dynamics of gender inequality, and the diversity of gender identities and expressions, drawing on sociological theories and empirical research.

Course
courseID: ARTS210
CourseName: Drawing and Painting
courseTeacher: Prof. John Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:95
courseDescribe: This course introduces the basic techniques and principles of drawing and painting, including line, shape, value, color, composition, and perspective, and provides opportunities for creative expression and artistic exploration.

Course
courseID: BIOL301
CourseName: Cell Biology
courseTeacher: Dr. Emily Kim
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course explores the structure, function, and regulation of cells, with a focus on the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying fundamental processes such as gene expression, signal transduction, and cell cycle control.

Course
courseID: HUMS110
CourseName: Introduction to Humanities
courseTeacher: Prof. Michael Lee
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course surveys the major cultural and intellectual achievements of human civilizations, from ancient times to the present, in fields such as literature, philosophy, art, music, and religion.

Course
courseID: ECON302
CourseName: Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Prof. James Smith
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course examines the behavior of individual consumers, firms, and markets in a competitive economy, and the implications for resource allocation, efficiency, and welfare, using economic models and empirical evidence.

Course
courseID: MGMT410
CourseName: Strategic Management
courseTeacher: Dr. Sarah Davis
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:3
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course focuses on the process of formulating and implementing strategies for organizations in dynamic and uncertain environments, covering topics such as industry analysis, strategic planning, organizational design, and leadership.

Course
courseID: ENGL220
CourseName: Shakespearean Drama
courseTeacher: Prof. William Brown
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:94
courseDescribe: This course studies selected plays by William Shakespeare, exploring their literary and cultural significance, their historical and political contexts, and their themes and motifs, through close reading, discussion, and critical analysis.

Course
courseID: PHYS201
CourseName: Mechanics
courseTeacher: Dr. Peter Chen
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course introduces the principles of classical mechanics, including kinematics, dynamics, energy, and momentum, and applies them to a range of physical systems, from particles and rigid bodies to fluids and oscillators.

Course
courseID: PHIL110
CourseName: Introduction to Ethics
courseTeacher: Prof. Jennifer Lee
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course introduces the main theories and approaches in ethical philosophy, including consequentialism, deontology, and virtue ethics, and applies them to contemporary ethical issues, such as abortion, euthanasia, and climate change.

Course
courseID: PSYCH350
CourseName: Abnormal Psychology
courseTeacher: Dr. Amanda Lee
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course examines the nature and treatment of psychological disorders, including their classification, etiology, symptoms, and therapies, and considers their social, cultural, and ethical dimensions.

Course
courseID: HIST210
CourseName: The World since 1945
courseTeacher: Prof. Michael Chen
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course surveys the major events and trends in global history since 1945, including decolonization, the Cold War, globalization, and the rise of new powers, and analyzes their political, economic, and cultural implications.

Course
courseID: ARTS101
CourseName: Introduction to Drawing
courseTeacher: Prof. Karen Brown
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:2
courseScore:95
courseDescribe: This course introduces the basic techniques and concepts of drawing, including line, shading, composition, and perspective, and allows students to develop their skills and creativity through a variety of exercises and projects.

Course
courseID: BIOL230
CourseName: Human Anatomy and Physiology
courseTeacher: Dr. Lisa Wang
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:86
courseDescribe: This course provides an overview of the structure and function of the human body, covering topics such as the skeletal, muscular, circulatory, and nervous systems, and exploring their interactions and adaptations in health and disease.

Course
courseID: POLI450
CourseName: International Relations
courseTeacher: Dr. John Kim
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:3
courseScore:93
courseDescribe: This course analyzes the dynamics of international politics, including the causes and consequences of war, the role of international organizations and norms, and the challenges of global governance, using theoretical frameworks and empirical evidence.

Course
courseID: ENGL101
CourseName: Introduction to Literature
courseTeacher: Dr. Jane Smith
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course provides an overview of major literary genres, such as poetry, drama, and fiction, and introduces students to critical approaches and skills, including close reading, analysis, and interpretation.

Course
courseID: MUSC201
CourseName: Music Theory and Practice
courseTeacher: Prof. David Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course explores the fundamental principles of music theory, including notation, rhythm, harmony, and form, and applies them to practical exercises and composition projects in a variety of styles.

Course
courseID: ECON301
CourseName: Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Dr. Sarah Brown
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course focuses on the behavior of individual consumers, firms, and markets, and examines how economic agents make decisions and interact in a range of contexts, such as pricing, production, and allocation of resources.

Course
courseID: PHIL200
CourseName: Ethics and Society
courseTeacher: Prof. Peter Chen
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:93
courseDescribe: This course examines ethical issues and theories in the context of social and political life, including topics such as justice, rights, democracy, and diversity, and encourages students to reflect critically on their own values and beliefs.

Course
courseID: LANG300
CourseName: Intermediate Spanish
courseTeacher: Prof. Maria Rodriguez
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course builds on basic language skills to develop proficiency in reading, writing, listening, and speaking Spanish, and introduces cultural aspects of the Hispanic world, such as literature, art, and music.