Personal Transcript
Student
Name: Li Xin
StudentID: 2020213001
Password: lixin1234
Mail: lixin@university.edu
Gender: Male
Age: 18

Course
courseID: ENG201
CourseName: Introduction to Creative Writing
courseTeacher: Prof. John Anderson
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course introduces students to the fundamentals of creative writing, including poetry, fiction, and nonfiction, with an emphasis on techniques for generating ideas, developing characters, and crafting compelling narratives.

Course
courseID: HIST301
CourseName: World History I
courseTeacher: Dr. Elizabeth Taylor
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:4
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course provides a survey of world history from prehistoric times to the Renaissance, with an emphasis on major civilizations, cultures, and events that shaped the development of human societies.

Course
courseID: ECON101
CourseName: Principles of Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Prof. James Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course provides an introduction to the principles of microeconomics, including supply and demand, market structures, consumer behavior, and production theory, with an emphasis on real-world applications and policy implications.

Course
courseID: MUSC201
CourseName: Music Theory and Analysis
courseTeacher: Dr. Michael Johnson
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course covers the fundamentals of music theory and analysis, including notation, scales, chords, and formal structures, with an emphasis on critical listening and analysis of works from different historical periods and genres.

Course
courseID: PHYS101
CourseName: General Physics I
courseTeacher: Dr. Robert Brown
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:4
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course provides an introduction to the principles of mechanics, including motion, forces, energy, and momentum, with an emphasis on problem-solving skills and applications in engineering and other fields.

Course
courseID: PSYC101
CourseName: Introduction to Psychology
courseTeacher: Prof. Sarah Thompson
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course introduces students to the fundamental theories, principles, and methods of psychology, including topics such as perception, learning, cognition, emotion, and social behavior.

Course
courseID: ARTS203
CourseName: Art History II
courseTeacher: Dr. Emily Wilson
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:4
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course provides a survey of Western art from the Renaissance to the present day, with an emphasis on major artists, movements, and cultural contexts that shaped the development of art in different periods.

Course
courseID: SOC201
CourseName: Sociology of Deviance
courseTeacher: Dr. David Kim
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:3
courseScore:86
courseDescribe: This course examines the social construction of deviance and crime, including topics such as social control, labeling theory, and the relationship between deviance and power, with an emphasis on empirical research and critical analysis.

Course
courseID: BIOL301
CourseName: Evolutionary Biology
courseTeacher: Dr. Jennifer Lee
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:4
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course explores the principles of evolutionary biology, including natural selection, adaptation, speciation, and phylogenetics, with an emphasis on molecular and genomic approaches to understanding the history of life on Earth.

Course
courseID: POLS401
CourseName: Comparative Politics
courseTeacher: Prof. Juan Garcia
courseTerm:6
courseCredit:4
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course compares different political systems around the world, including democracies, authoritarian regimes, and hybrid regimes, with an emphasis on institutional design, political culture, and regime change.

Course
courseID: ENGL215
CourseName: Shakespeare's Tragedies
courseTeacher: Prof. Jane Adams
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course focuses on Shakespeare's tragic plays, including Hamlet, Macbeth, and Othello, exploring their themes, characters, and literary devices, as well as their historical and cultural contexts.

Course
courseID: HIST301
CourseName: Modern European History
courseTeacher: Dr. Peter Chen
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:4
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course examines the major political, social, and cultural developments in Europe from the late 19th century to the present day, including topics such as imperialism, world wars, totalitarianism, decolonization, and European integration.

Course
courseID: ECON101
CourseName: Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Prof. David Lee
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course introduces students to the principles of microeconomics, including supply and demand, market equilibrium, consumer and producer behavior, and market structures such as monopoly and oligopoly.

Course
courseID: MATH401
CourseName: Differential Geometry
courseTeacher: Dr. Lisa Wang
courseTerm:6
courseCredit:4
courseScore:93
courseDescribe: This course studies the geometry of curves and surfaces in three-dimensional space, including concepts such as curvature, torsion, geodesics, and isometries, with applications to fields such as physics, engineering, and computer graphics.

Course
courseID: PHIL205
CourseName: Ethics
courseTeacher: Prof. John Smith
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course examines ethical theories and concepts, including consequentialism, deontology, virtue ethics, moral relativism, and meta-ethics, as well as their applications to real-world ethical dilemmas such as abortion, euthanasia, and animal rights.

Course
courseID: PSYC220
CourseName: Abnormal Psychology
courseTeacher: Dr. Sarah Lee
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:3
courseScore:86
courseDescribe: This course examines the major psychological disorders, including mood disorders, anxiety disorders, personality disorders, and psychotic disorders, exploring their causes, symptoms, treatments, and social implications.

Course
courseID: COMM301
CourseName: Intercultural Communication
courseTeacher: Prof. Maria Hernandez
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course explores the challenges and opportunities of communication across cultural differences, including topics such as cultural identity, intercultural competence, power and privilege, and the impact of globalization on communication.

Course
courseID: BIOL201
CourseName: Genetics
courseTeacher: Dr. Jason Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:4
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course covers the principles of genetics, including Mendelian genetics, molecular genetics, and population genetics, as well as their applications to fields such as medicine, agriculture, and biotechnology.

Course
courseID: ARTS101
CourseName: Introduction to Visual Arts
courseTeacher: Prof. Lisa Chen
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:87
courseDescribe: This course provides an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of visual arts, including painting, sculpture, photography, and digital media, exploring their cultural and aesthetic significance.

Course
courseID: SOC401
CourseName: Sociology of Gender
courseTeacher: Dr. Rachel Kim
courseTerm:6
courseCredit:3
courseScore:91
courseDescribe: This course examines the social construction of gender and its impact on individual and collective identities, social institutions, and cultural practices, exploring topics such as sexism, gender roles, gender inequality, and feminist movements.

Course
courseID: HIST330
CourseName: World War II
courseTeacher: Dr. John Smith
courseTerm:4
courseCredit:3
courseScore:88
courseDescribe: This course examines the causes, events, and consequences of World War II, with a focus on the major powers involved, their strategies and tactics, and the impact of the war on global politics, society, and culture.

Course
courseID: MUSC110
CourseName: Music Theory and Practice
courseTeacher: Prof. Anna Lee
courseTerm:1
courseCredit:3
courseScore:92
courseDescribe: This course introduces the fundamentals of music theory, including notation, scales, chords, and harmony, as well as their practical applications in musical composition, analysis, and performance.

Course
courseID: ECON301
CourseName: Microeconomics
courseTeacher: Dr. James Kim
courseTerm:3
courseCredit:4
courseScore:89
courseDescribe: This course studies the behavior of individual consumers and firms in a market economy, analyzing the determination of prices, quantities, and market outcomes under different market structures and government policies.

Course
courseID: PHIL201
CourseName: Introduction to Ethics
courseTeacher: Prof. David Lee
courseTerm:2
courseCredit:3
courseScore:90
courseDescribe: This course explores the major ethical theories and their applications to contemporary moral issues, such as abortion, euthanasia, capital punishment, environmental ethics, and global justice.

Course
courseID: ENGL401
CourseName: Advanced Writing
courseTeacher: Prof. Susan Kim
courseTerm:5
courseCredit:3
courseScore:93
courseDescribe: This course develops advanced writing skills in a variety of genres, such as academic essays, research papers, creative writing, and professional communication, focusing on style, structure, organization, and rhetorical strategies.

